ze sanctity
ze empire
youthful egotism
worthier sweeter
womenmostly motherswho
wide sweep
wide courtyard
wicked trick
wellknown grandee
wellgarnished joint
warm lightwere
vile succeed
uncut book
unamiable outburst
twitching violently
twitching increased
twentyfiveruble note
turkish pistols
turkish pipes
tsar enters
tremendous fortune
traveling effects
tiny lamps
thanks thanks
tenacious endurance
teachers fault
tawny tint
tact habitual
sympathetic squeeze
sweetest comforts
sublime rules
striking feature
strict secrecy
strict formality
stared fixedly
spinning mill
spasski hill
sparrow hills
someone unseen
solemnly conducting
soft steps
soft paws
social topics
social experience
social distinctions
smoke spasmodically
smoke ring
smilingly inclining
smelt strongly
sloping ledge
single star
single muscle
silken hangings
silk stockings
sideways pursing
shirt collar
shameful aspersion
secret motive
secluded passages
savory patties
royalist emigrant
routine retired
roast beef
reputation fighting
regular volcano
regular routine
regular hum
regular eagle
red patches
rapid steps
quill spluttered
puffing heavily
prussias consent
provocative proposition
previous winter
powdered manservant
postilion started
poorest beggar
playing pretending
pineapple ice
pierres legitimation
philosophical meditation
peter nikolaevich
persian carpets
perception befitting
pedal wiped
particular hopelessness
particular emphasis
palms downward
outer sill
outer ledge
orderly activity
open doorway
ominously tucked
obviously serving
novosiltsevs dispatch
notorious spendthrift
nodded approvingly
noblest role
nickname bestowed
nervous agitation
needs repose
mystical book
musical talent
mr pitt
moyka canal
motley throng
mothers wives
mon cher
mon ami
momentary glimpse
mlle scherer
miserable sinners
million cases
michael ivanovich
michael ilarionovich
michael ianovich
merry countenances
merely awaken
mere babies
mental sufferings
meek sorrowful
medium height
marya dmitrievna
many parents
mademoiselle george
mademoiselle bourienne
lowest hierarchy
louis xvii
lorrains instructions
loquacious talkers
lombard bond
lofty windows
lofty destiny
lights shining
lighted tapers
lightblue ribbons
legal heir
leg high
largest fortunes
lacefrilled drawers
kitty odyntsova
july 1805
joyous resolution
jaw quivered
involuntarily wondered
invisible foe
invariably exacting
intellectual pride
intellectual lights
insignificant individual
indissoluble bonds
indiscretion nodded
impenetrable veil
immense intellect
immense fortune
imaginary foe
illustrious patroness
ices champagne
ice pudding
humiliating poverty
hors doeuvres
horrors perpetrated
hood drove
honeyed firmness
ho ho
hissed viciously
highest degree
high ruffle
high desk
high bedstead
hey whos
heavy tread
heavy breathing
halfopen mouthseemed
greatest merit
greatest delights
gray mane
gray curls
gold snuffbox
glaring savagely
genuine emigres
genealogical tree
gaily spreading
finest fortune
fifty imperials
feminine arts
fell unconscious
feebly wags
faster faster
false note
false curls
faithful slave
fainting fits
extremely smooth
expensive funeral
exercise book
exceedingly ugly
exceedingly lofty
exaggerated grasseyement
exactly bowing
everyones situation
every muscle
evacuate malta
enchanting party
emptying perceptibly
emperors sole
embroidery frames
egyptian statue
dolokhovs shirt
divine spirit
divine institution
dirty notes
direct heirs
direct bearing
dimly lighted
different articles
diamond necklace
deserted street
defectthe shortness
dawn merging
daniel cooper
daily walk
crystal decanters
crisp lock
cousinagedangereux voisinage
couldnt possibly
corsican monster
conscripts enrolled
commercial spirit
closer closer
clean notes
cities wondered
chiefly masculine
chained convict
celebrated grandee
celebrated beau
cautiously released
catch cold
carrot ices
cardinal virtues
card game
cambric handkerchiefs
caesars commentaries
busily filled
bronze handle
broad muscles
brightly illuminated
breathe heavily
boots clattering
book close
book aside
bliss unspoilt
bald scented
bald patch
bald hills
b c
azurmaison conde
awkward situation
awaiting orders
avoid misunderstandings
au revoir
associations nearest
artist belonging
archives department
anyones belief
anna pavlovnas
anna pavlovna
anna mikhaylovnas
anna mikhaylovna
angle abc
allpowerful care
adroit maneuvers
admirable book
acrid scent
abuses preserved
abrupt sentences
3 hollow
18th brumaire
pierre rubbed
pierre regarded
pierre realize
pierre fell
pierre calming
pierre blushing
fat pierre
bored pierre
reddishyellow face
radiant face
princes face
pierres face
natashas face
mothers face
honors face
flushed face
flat face
face relaxing
face clouded
face close
careworn face
beaming face
princess started
princess picking
princess joyfully
princess ignoring
princess drubetskaya
princess bolkonskaya
boris questioningly
boris deliberately
wellpreserved man
unchanging smile
tolerant smile
timid smile
subtle smile
subdued smile
sick man
sensible man
sarcastic smile
roomthe smile
radiant smile
pathetic smile
mortal man
man older
man laughs
man emancipation
involuntary smile
hardhearted man
handsomer man
greatest man
decorous smile
coquettish smile
constant smile
cold smile
bright smile
beatific smile
artless smile
artificial smile
appealing smile
ruling prince
prince vasilis
prince vasili
prince seating
prince pushing
prince powdered
prince golitsyn
prince briefly
prince andrews
dear wintzingerode
dear pet
little volcano
little tact
little dust
little aside
count shrugging
count bezukhovs
count bezukhov
count asks
prayer would
lavater would
kitchen would
escapade would
entertainment would
still seeks
still peered
still arguing
staring eyes
sparkling eyes
sonyas room
room tripping
pierres eyes
nearly always
marys room
lightblue eyes
keen eyes
halfclosed eyes
eyes upward
eyes scanned
eyes red
blushing still
always gentle
always flares
always disturbing
always astonished
must yield
must vight
must decide
sally looked
looked inquiringly
looked indifferent
looked heavier
great wind
great tactician
great secret
great precision
great loss
great grief
great danger
great century
began wrapping
began slipping
began slapping
weeks time
various people
time notorious
time appointed
regarded even
people wear
people sang
people remaining
father talks
father likes
father lies
father evoke
father dismissed
father comfortable
even servility
even phrases
even approved
eighty people
ducor even
chapter xxvii
chapter xxvi
chapter xxv
chapter xxiv
chapter xxii
chapter xxi
chapter xx
chapter xvii
chapter xv
chapter xix
chapter xiv
chapter xiii
chapter xii
chapter viii
chapter vii
chapter vi
chapter v
chapter ix
chapter iv
catherines time
princess face
wail like
thoroughly like
countess zubova
countess apraksina
countess aliketurned
already suffered
already smoothing
already showing
already opening
already embracing
already awake
already awaiting
worthy son
son coldly
significant look
respectful look
piteous look
natasha checked
look severely
look fell
inquiring look
first steps
first impulse
first book
eyesthe look
could reach
contemptuous look
begging natasha
wrinkles round
whole month
whole fortnight
walk well
something twitched
smash something
serene expression
refined expression
quite feasible
quite declined
quite astonishing
pained expression
open expression
modest expression
last winter
last verse
last trrop
last syllable
last summer
last representative
last farewell
last drop
ive come
impenetrable expression
grouped round
constant expression
come worming
come sailing
come along
came rushing
allforgiving expression
pierre looked
womans way
womans hand
wifes hand
tossing back
though unaware
though embracing
though declaring
memoirs hand
honors hand
hearty way
hand presenting
grief though
fortune though
fade though
everyones way
englishmans hand
dolokhovs back
childlike way
carved back
dear princess
little princess
without disquieting
tucking away
shining head
pushing away
powdered head
poor resources
poor creature
never observed
much exposedand
much decision
much appreciated
much altered
jerked away
intriguingi know
hung another
head tilting
head reprovingly
head reproachfully
head incredulously
godsonyou know
fiftyyearold head
didnt know
curly head
bald head
pierre could
princess room
dear boris
tipsy guests
theyll say
sympathetically turned
say shell
resist looking
looking severely
guests uncertain
everyone brightened
doors turned
armchair looking
pierre came
face began
princess looked
boris eyes
though pierre
pierre though
man still
teteatete talk
talk related
talk grew
talk circumstantially
suvorovs left
seats went
rarely left
olga went
many left
left maam
fathers ridicule
fathers habits
fathers foibles
dear dear
boris began
man began
great man
worldly conversation
voice trembling
spoiled life
speakers evidently
rough voice
open door
monotonous voice
lonely life
life praise
evidently unmoved
evidently tormented
evidently flurried
evidently concerned
enjoys life
door stepping
door near
dissipated life
cracked voice
countermarches things
conversation concerned
conventional things
childish things
borys life
asked golitsyn
amazingly beautiful
abstract conversation
even smile
round face
face came
prince looked
boris already
pierre turned
pierre sat
pierre looking
princess came
son boris
boris son
smile could
pierre went
pierre left
youi knew
vicomte polite
vicomte contemptuously
vicomte appreciated
velvet chair
upon nothing
think im
thats different
table summoned
table napkins
smiled unnaturally
smiled scornfully
smiled faintly
smiled courteously
single moment
serving thats
rose superior
refractory arm
refined french
olga go
oldest rose
nothing unworthy
moment imagined
moment facing
long selfrestraint
knew someone
good temper
good luck
french settling
french sentences
french displaying
french accent
fifty replied
excellent french
every moment
easy chair
decisive moment
conversationand thats
continued returning
continued desperately
childs arm
chair falling
chair close
boris come
dear countess
room looked
little countess
still time
room even
well prince
take pierre
pierre asked
door pierre
asked pierre
dear come
people began
great people
princess looking
first room
yes youre
wicked heart
usual tranquil
usual routine
usual impulsive
usual composure
understand mammawhat
tone suggesting
tone admitting
thoroughly understand
suspense usual
suddenly shrieked
suddenly filled
suddenly determines
stood surveying
stood constantly
stale part
sonya muttering
sonya flushed
sobbed sonya
small receptions
small pieces
small limbs
small box
sitting close
sets made
powdermonkey emperor
novosiltsev get
nicholas sang
new york
new science
new reign
mothers heart
lower part
livery get
inquiring tone
heart rebels
get rid
excellent heart
emperor paul
emperor begging
emperor alexander
despicable part
despatch part
counts monogram
counts confessor
chairstood waiting
almost shrieked
almost knocked
accoucheur let
countess looked
countess began
must look
still quite
always came
fathers face
like father
son began
natasha looked
know prince
think pierre
replied pierre
pierre took
pierre smiled
pierre rose
pierre continued
first time
father could
looked round
poor count
whole time
last time
beautiful face
beautiful princess
much room
another room
wretched war
worthy woman
worthy added
words suggested
words separately
wont break
wig put
vile woman
trunks put
timid glance
thought intends
thought independent
thought flitted
terrible scapegrace
terrible misfortune
terrible chap
smiling amiably
seemed puckered
seemed extinguished
seemed confused
see lately
searching glance
right anywhere
rapid glance
put upon
proudlooking woman
pathetic words
opening words
older visitors
nieces put
male visitors
latin words
lagging behind
inquiring glance
indication whether
including anatole
holding inside
highsounding words
hands ruffling
greatest war
gods hands
gave orders
full confidence
footmenone behind
fascinating woman
excellent woman
every word
elderly lady
cracked right
coquettish girl
civil service
charming soiree
charming creature
cant unmarry
cant decide
cannot overcome
ascertain whether
count sat
something like
must know
pierre yes
let pierre
look round
could come
room turned
take boris
asked boris
even without
even know
another time
must say
count went
princess smiled
princess rose
princess continued
come come
would talk
guests began
everyone began
prince asked
always went
people sat
head first
took boris
replied boris
man continued
good man
thought pierre
pierre wished
pierre thought
pierre seemed
pierre gave
would take
way back
unlicked bear
sofa near
sofa facing
sofa creak
society scandals
shudder ran
shaven entered
rostovsthe mother
rare women
ran downstairs
pocketbooks entered
mother upon
mother imploringly
least disconcerted
julie ps
julie karagina
imperial family
hobby tell
got thinner
got rid
god grant
general commotion
feminine society
family solicitor
family estates
family consultation
confidential sofa
blue sofa
bear swimming
well know
never come
another came
face stood
beautiful eyes
ill people
fathers father
son sat
guests first
french dear
dear vicomte
talk like
left like
turned round
say something
little table
count took
never know
man made
still continued
quite ill
ill come
countess asked
must think
princess wished
princess smiling
princess holding
princess gave
turned away
another looking
dear emperor
pierre tell
addressing pierre
first door
went back
left hand
fathers way
count nicholas
count made
people took
long time
french people
father took
would understand
would let
take something
door came
beautiful expression
womans dress
visitor compelled
visitor alluded
vicomtes story
study rubbing
story prevented
silent prayer
silent praise
silent expectant
short jacket
scarletliveried footman
say say
say everyone
rounded figure
rooms upstairs
rooms assigned
ranged side
pierres rooms
partner fanning
ones enemy
next heir
next balls
next arrivals
moved noiselessly
moscow talks
moscow gossips
make scenes
leave promising
latter sprang
latter spared
inner rooms
immense house
house beyond
hometaking leave
help joining
ghost story
friends plaits
find suvorovs
enormous study
elderly footman
elder visitor
elder sister
dress urging
dress close
done casually
doctor tells
doctor swallowing
doctor cast
cried panting
childrens friend
children tutors
carriage steps
carriage pole
carriage drove
buttoned held
bonapartes side
best families
best described
became chary
boris wished
still sitting
sitting room
counts room
almost always
countess rose
another talk
must let
take back
back door
replied natasha
first moment
first chair
could think
war prince
prince gave
prince andrew
guests went
dear whether
dear girl
well go
quite knew
never take
beautiful head
another voice
yes father
almost time
see count
little girl
little behind
count holding
words would
table though
long way
go back
still smiling
room behind
eyes full
always seemed
son made
counts son
could understand
kind pierre
house pierre
cried pierre
must put
addressing boris
never took
never knew
know nothing
go away
man got
looked toward
nicholas came
get something
ill take
war even
women prince
table sat
say nothing
knew everyone
everyone smiled
small hand
made way
girl like
countess wished
andrew already
count addressing
things evidently
youll startle
youll drop
without waiting
velvet coat
try hercules
true colors
toonoisy group
terribly true
swallowtail coat
son smiling
son anatole
shiver passed
roses either
real youthfulness
private person
powdered hair
poor heart
political necessity
political events
plume till
pleasant scent
place warm
pestered since
person obliged
painfully felt
much heart
mothers used
momentary silence
men attribute
mary practicing
louder especially
listener especially
let us
less impression
less bitter
large number
large gatherings
large bust
know everything
kept nodding
himthe englishman
haugwitz either
gray hair
grand thing
gone secretly
gone mad
gone crazy
get away
german pahlen
german accent
frenchwoman blushed
felt guilty
felt awkward
englishman nodded
englishman bragging
dying brain
distractions around
curly hair
could see
conspicuous place
confused state
conde coat
concluded consciousas
break silence
better acquainted
beto place
argumentative fellow
anything wrong
antique coat
rose went
long talk
left arm
ill thats
ill go
room ran
always tell
whole service
well see
visitors well
quite right
last word
glance round
come right
sonya sat
nicholas sat
everyone stood
everyone sitting
great general
bear looked
right hand
hand holding
long conversation
good things
bad time
bad father
remarked boris
friend boris
boris followed
ill let
fathers part
without holding
see us
poor girl
never thought
never gave
know whether
head toward
prince held
ah prince
saw pierre
pierre saw
pierre concluded
natasha ran
first entered
dear friend
dear doctor
vicomte knew
vicomte continued
long table
good replied
turned toward
thought turned
anatole turned
little partner
count held
understand things
take part
door everything
conversation almost
whole family
still talking
still going
shall always
room followed
next room
eyes followed
became still
always make
always going
bear back
bad way
ill see
must find
looked straight
yes replied
understand nothing
suddenly rose
nothing new
let go
good part
emperor knew
chair stood
tell us
poor mother
never entered
face broke
angry face
time ah
short time
shes even
princess passed
princess mary
princess drawing
princess blushed
terrible things
terrible door
life terrible
evidently wished
conversation gave
asked whether
like children
countess kissed
countess followed
guests got
partner could
natasha kissed
boris gone
boris felt
boris blushed
yes yes
window sill
vexatious duty
vanquish buonaparte
usual tone
upper lip
unfairly sometimes
tender smiles
symmetrically placed
strange caprice
stood waiting
spoiled child
sometimes flung
someone rich
social circle
slightly acknowledging
sisters mamontov
silver spoon
silver samovar
silver china
shinshin puckering
shinshin patting
several times
semenov guards
second salomoni
second cousins
seated drove
scarcely able
run smoothly
run heaved
run along
rich grandees
really hadnt
rather useless
rather harsh
quickly smoothing
promise vasili
preached love
pleasant smile
patriotically russian
ordinary times
open window
onerous duty
obviously strange
non madame
neither smoked
napoleon gets
morning carriages
might rid
might rejoice
marriageable daughters
madame jacquot
madame elizabeth
lower lip
low tones
low slipperswas
listening naively
lips indicating
lip descended
letters pass
larger circle
inquiring whisper
immediately recalled
horse guards
hastily closed
gods sake
gloomy world
glanced inquiringly
given orders
get everything
geometry book
frightened yousit
friendships sake
forgotten didnt
forbidding movement
fear depicted
far astray
expressed horror
everything waiting
every morning
evening climbed
dying man
doorway appeared
doors led
dinner parties
delicate dark
dark hairs
complacently seated
companions sake
chiefly busy
chief motive
certain pride
certain coyness
carefully placed
busy causing
blushing far
balls given
backward movement
bachelor shinshin
appointed hour
anxiously glancing
ambassadors entertainment
ambassadors deprives
afterwards forgotten
whole story
well done
talking came
partner round
make something
leave something
last glass
last figure
footman came
find something
wont go
vicomte wished
think andrew
thats right
terrible moment
service continued
hands took
chair toward
cant think
added thats
prince understood
dear mary
dear fellow
though shes
sister hand
make way
hand moved
hand kissed
friends hand
best way
back rooms
lost count
little wife
little person
count dying
general conversation
general asked
without laughing
turning away
shes much
moved away
leave us
know shes
head laughing
going away
done us
cried another
still try
still less
drawing room
always used
always kept
wont let
wont get
visitors tone
stood holding
new word
cant understand
cannot understand
taking pierre
pierre stopped
pierre noticed
pierre glancing
noticed pierre
simply looked
side sat
shes turned
looking glass
great thing
englishman looked
dress sat
thats bad
sofa took
least replied
julie replied
good family
general good
bear took
people since
lost time
father understood
even try
dying father
big people
youll like
like either
ever like
countess tried
already gone
went straight
left moscow
ill find
fathers study
fathers house
war andrew
see whether
natasha saw
natasha concluded
natasha broke
natasha blushed
lady visitors
hands behind
angry look
small sofa
least understand
something real
quite true
place came
group round
daughter came
came simply
sons face
sisters face
pretty face
husbands face
handsome face
daughters face
make things
beautiful sister
beautiful figure
second princess
princess rested
princess noticed
princess ideas
princess health
princess glanced
letter princess
back till
boris appeared
us especially
tender smile
rich man
poor thing
never used
never lost
grownup man
group without
another place
another group
shall go
next moment
laughing long
good ones
glass smiled
french turning
continued turning
chair held
society woman
smiling julie
cant bear
added addressing
prince rested
simply looking
looking around
little brother
little able
would pass
brother would
visitor made
suddenly turning
suddenly cried
find sonya
counts study
counts house
became emperor
ah yes
written still
still love
sisters room
sisterinlaws room
frightened eyes
eyes glancing
always busy
must promise
seated began
great world
began crossing
years older
wonderful raconteur
women women
uncles aidedecamp
twitching cheeks
turn spindles
treating everybody
thousand rubles
thoughtfully shaking
therefore bound
therefore awkward
tears dimmed
take anything
suppressed laughter
suffering physically
suffering morally
stone passage
sterne says
steady proper
spoke disapprovingly
speedy arrival
speaking playfully
southern army
sometimes even
sole desire
society women
simplest relations
silently stared
significantly awaiting
sent flying
seize hold
sabera present
ringing laughter
remain inactive
redder faces
reassuring thoughts
reason blushing
ranki thank
prevented anyone
possible buti
political conversation
policeman astride
pleasant voice
plate couture3
people vera
peculiar pleasure
particularly respectful
particularly addicted
partial ceased
oftrepeated passage
occasionally drew
obviously trying
observation brought
oak frame
noiseless step
muscular arms
mouth drooped
monsieur explains
mon cousin
mind easy
military governor
mikhelsons army
making signs
love people
lorrain pursing
longer piercing
listened refraining
lightly whirled
lid drew
leisurely arranged
legs tucked
later grasped
kittenish nature
insisting day
impulsive nature
hurriedly unclasped
hurriedly ascended
hundred miles
hundred imperials
hippolyte spluttered
heavenly feeling
hardly feasible
hardenburg says
greatest pleasure
grandfather wore
goot sir
gaily arranged
forehead wetting
firmly plaited
firm lower
firm foundationshas
fight together
faster lightly
evidently tried
evident satisfaction
every step
even fear
effect unfavorable
easygoing nature
dwelt particularly
dull dispirited
due send
dr lorrain
doctors clergy
dmitri onufrich
distinctly repeating
delicate fingers
defense speaking
daily expected
conversation broke
conscientious desire
coming campaign
chisel dropped
cheeks twitching
catch hold
broad forehead
berg oblivious
begin playing
beautiful daughter
beaming faces
arms wide
angry voice
alone applying
aidedecamp picked
aidedecamp dat
actor repeating
acted together
times like
like morning
already told
already seated
already appeared
already abroad
latter wished
lady visitor
hands moved
charming children
cant help
cannot leave
ah andrew
added turning
younger son
tender look
son noticed
natasha lifted
frightened look
understood nothing
thats true
nothing better
men rose
long coat
englishman took
big arm
better go
arm around
window come
whole world
whole evening
whisper something
sad expression
quite forgotten
pass round
last moments
hear something
glanced round
given something
written though
lay back
child though
seeing pierre
pierre shook
pierre paused
pierre listened
pierre hid
pierre heard
monsieur pierre
waiting till
us today
sonya tried
poor child
placed another
nicholas blushed
new men
letter away
get used
get ready
partner julie
moscow society
god help
best society
sat listening
princesses sat
face wore
face showed
princess jumped
princess bent
eldest princess
quickly went
left led
word saw
woman used
visitors try
visitors daughter
terrible state
silence smiling
seemed ready
real war
girl lost
especially charming
charming wife
angry glance
anatole kept
boris says
boris paused
boris bowed
sad voice
man shaking
low voice
live man
life guards
evidently listening
door led
clever man
latter held
kind friend
house dress
help laughing
footman moved
done shall
became silent
prince hippolyte
prince bowed
adieu prince
oh dear
helene dear
dear sir
dear invalid
dear boy
adieu dear
little officer
count shouted
count rostovs
count pointing
count jumped
count coming
count burst
vicomte told
vicomte lifted
think napoleon
thats fine
thats certain
sons arm
smiled slightly
sisterinlaws arm
often think
moment rested
might think
long ago
would drink
would begin
wife addressing
mother drawing
moreau would
entered either
daughter got
eyes asking
policeman must
must drink
looked significantly
cheeks began
yes ideas
years people
third time
stood listening
rather small
present time
nicholas taking
low tone
hall waiting
father perhaps
even wish
almost dark
countess burst
already managed
already heard
son pointing
shouted natasha
natasha managed
natasha considered
first cousin
day natasha
could reproach
could certainly
whole set
well madam
well brought
unpleasant expression
turn come
tikhon came
something extraordinary
send something
quite possible
plate round
expression showed
dull expression
youll find
simply held
short silence
shall try
passed straight
moscow ladies
mary ah
latter understood
large study
hair kissed
german doctor
ever kind
drawing rooms
big study
big ones
younger girl
word expressed
wont promise
wont hear
tender glance
strange lady
sisterinlaws words
seemed strange
russian service
neither wished
hands stopped
grownup lady
evening service
charming child
anatole taking
anatole stopped
fast though
without tears
without means
without asking
poor invalid
poor boy
much suffering
head bent
dull without
say shook
say certainly
sat opposite
looking significantly
guests seeing
everyone expected
everyone else
end sat
doctors say
vera entered
pretty women
morning ran
hour tell
god knows
general movement
family circle
duty ran
bad health
talk nonsense
left alone
ill drink
fathers wish
fathers friendship
arrival went
wrong answer
wifes chatter
whit worse
virulent attack
vigorous attack
unpleasant things
unexpected quivering
uneven movements
tubs picked
total force
thoughts things
theme apparently
theatricals hunting
tail jump
straw beneath
stir steps
stately pose
speech resulting
sort nullifying
solemn interest
social vocation
smilingly waited
smiles generally
sleepless night
sixth stroke
single dish
sincerely hope
simultaneous expedition
sighing disdainfully
shed show
sharp wedge
sensible manner
sending aidesdecamp
semenov regiment
satisfaction lit
rumyantsovs theatricals
robbery murder
revolution suppressed
respect mingled
reply unnecessary
rendering unhappy
related quietly
regular motion
quiet fool
puppet show
princes household
portly form
please announce
pierres favor
perpetual peace
perfectly happy
perfect fool
peculiar form
pavlograd hussars
patients condition
pathetic importance
outlived mine
orlovs germans
observation interrupted
obligation assuming
nervous whispers
near death
naive surprise
naive question
naive attitude
mingled shame
michael kutuzov
mere fancy
many others
many english
laughed privately
kindly simple
irrepressible hatred
human viceidleness
hot dish
high vocation
heartrending scene
hard nail
habitual severity
grown thinner
grown stouter
green quilt
grayhaired valet
glittering teeth
gentle calm
fruitless effort
frigid politeness
frigid laugh
fought except
foreign education
flower tubs
fight bonaparte
feigned severity
familiar voices
familiar attitude
false teeth
fact solely
extreme youth
excited whispers
exaggerated politeness
evidently considered
enjoyment gazing
ducs mercy
duc denghien
drunken voices
drooping tail
dowager empress
divine mercy
different matter
desk raised
definite idea
dangerous neighborhood
courteously kissing
country remarking
coquettish manner
conversations concentrated
contrary despite
contains others
constant use
considerable pause
conquered settled
complacent sigh
common sense
colonels speech
clink glasses
clever conversation
christian simplicity
christian mildness
choice collection
checked handkerchief
cautious movements
carpeted stairs
card tables
cambric handkerchief
broad neck
boulogne expedition
beyond question
bed earlier
becoming wearisome
beautiful helene
autumn night
attacking germans
asked dmitri
appointed order
apparently relieved
apartments assigned
anxious watch
antechamber reported
answered returning
amid fieldwork
real state
ever since
vicomte bowed
tikhon knew
table onto
smiled hid
nothing else
long wanted
invalid chair
hardly knew
bent arm
younger ones
story told
stopped short
sister taking
shes pretty
remarked vera
remarked shinshin
really going
lips kissed
grownup partner
glass run
fixed straight
fear going
far side
doctor glanced
dark carriage
closed carriage
weakness pierre
pierre seized
pierre remembered
pierre gazed
usual set
usual effect
tone showed
suddenly struck
suddenly shouted
stood hanging
sonya wore
sonya shaking
small means
sitting opposite
porch waiting
oh yes
nicholas rostov
new faces
managed everything
late emperor
emperor spoke
face resumed
eager face
animated face
princess played
princess following
word possible
wont ask
wanted put
step toward
service ceased
right light
oh andrew
mouth full
military service
means war
longer see
lady asking
holding fast
hands arranged
footmen behind
drew toward
dolokhov smiling
cant reproach
cant remain
cannot reproach
cannot live
berg gave
anatole brought
added hurriedly
forget boris
boris escape
thoughtful smile
since dinner
russian ladies
pretty wife
moments silence
man inspired
lay dying
large hall
kept glancing
interesting man
hear anything
grownup person
german knows
geometry till
friendly smile
fine thing
fine fellow
felt rested
far less
ever written
daughters hair
company smile
buonaparte youll
big dinner
better today
amused smile
prince walked
little tables
little mole
little hope
little girls
little air
would soon
would save
would return
therefore bear
thank god
tell mamma
request would
perhaps god
mother mamma
least attention
got hold
clever women
brilliant society
still gazed
still afraid
stern eyes
rum still
reception room
laugh still
eyes produced
eyes nose
eyes lit
eyes indicated
dining room
always manage
always expecting
always declared
husband looked
great favor
great effort
conversations began
began stooping
began kissing
answer looked
people resumed
months even
judge father
even manage
even chatter
duc even
feel like
dressed like
countess reflected
behaved like
becoming like
already known
son lowering
son ilya
look afraid
hussars look
first pause
couples could
calm look
anxiety could
whole company
whole bottle
well known
well finish
well enough
well educated
valet come
served round
quite remember
quite frank
quite changed
home last
expression pale
crowded round
come running
clavichord came
assuming quite
turn next
sister dropped
short legs
shall speak
remarked repeating
remain silent
officer friends
moved onto
help seeing
glass porch
friends mind
followed helene
eldest children
done together
ceased talking
best years
begin talking
ball dress
ah madam
reply though
pushed back
friendly way
back stairs
back anteroom
younger brother
taken away
pushed away
poor uncle
poor sort
poor husband
poor catiche
never seen
never forget
much sorrow
much anxiety
much amused
much affected
lips expressed
know catiche
ideas napoleon
hour ago
health sometimes
handsome vera
geometry written
frightened whisper
fear appeared
expecting us
dinner today
another stroke
another priest
turned pale
say goodby
looking attentively
guests settled
guests leaving
guests knowing
guests joined
everyone waited
everyone laughed
everyone crowded
serious talk
lets talk
fathers memory
drawingroom talk
clavichord went
take home
sweet asked
mans life
human life
drawingroom door
wonderful fellow
true reason
third group
speak passed
reason drawing
present state
pleasant feeling
passage broke
military men
ladies end
lad either
everybody saw
eldest daughter
dreadful state
concluded trying
angry tears
adieu mary
writing table
wants nothing
tea table
table writing
lets go
heaven knew
half rose
declared replied
contrary replied
chair nearer
arm amid
yesterday let
tone beneath
taken part
suddenly exclaimed
sonya trembled
small reception
rum sitting
remembered everything
part played
new regiment
new condition
invitation made
heart sighing
couples sitting
case everything
youngest girl
word annette
weakness gave
walked toward
visitors request
unhappy war
please andrew
passing wont
maid put
lady distinguished
kuragins thought
knowing whether
hands slowly
full importance
full force
frenchman holding
delightful woman
church service
cannot escape
anteroom put
anatole kuragin
added noticing
added lowering
window frame
thoughts rather
sons fate
sons arrival
sisterinlaws friendship
silver plate
silently crossing
sent abroad
rich relations
often struck
monsieur buonaparte
moments attention
minutes later
minutes late
laughter led
hour alone
hear wish
hardly able
handsome mouth
firmly fixed
fine lad
fate given
evident duty
doctors princesses
colonel told
closed firmly
chief desire
certain dolokhov
busy making
brother shook
ballroom crossing
army abroad
arms lifted
truly god
tell answered
least surprise
least interest
least idea
general kutuzov
entered wearing
bet addressing
bad position
unexpectedly kind
talking eagerly
story produced
stooping kissed
stern figure
slowly turning
sister remember
sigh going
shall judge
quilt followed
quietly remarked
precious friend
ones name
moscow yesterday
make use
latter sighed
intimate friend
gazing straight
funny figure
friends sorrow
footman dressed
exclaimed laughing
carriage helped
became animated
woundup clock
wigless shouting
wide sleeves
white shirt
watchful eye
watch ready
warmly pressing
village elder
victorious beauty
unpleasant effect
unfortunate fete
unaccustomed brightness
unaccountable tenderness
twitch nervously
tried hard
tobacco smoke
till death
threaten prussia
taras distinguishes
swedish forces
swaying helplessly
suvorovs wars
sullen selfconfidence
subdued chanting
stupid fellow
studied carelessness
striking contrast
stir around
squares matters
speak cousin
sparkling diamonds
somberly whispering
soft features
soft carpet
smoke letting
slightest variation
sixth anglaise
sincere devotion
sincere affection
simply feel
several persons
send dmitri
rostovs ballroom
riotous conduct
rightful king
reverse act
restrained animation
real hussar
rang upstairs
pure intimacy
pronounced badly
profound thinker
prettily sedate
pretended sternness
precious person
potemkins suvorovs
post horse
political power
polished manners
poignant joys
playing cards
playing boston
play faster
pet theory
perhaps later
perfectly absurd
peculiar assurance
particular reasons
paris recently
oldage spectacles
notorious gambler
nonsense nonsense
newness found
newly married
nervous excitement
needs rest
mystical books
mutual acquaintances
musicians tuning
mon dieu
matchmaking chronicles
many relatives
mammas burdened
lowestgrade greeting
lorrain considered
legs hanging
lawsuit taught
latest comedy
lately arrived
lace frill
la balance
jauntily spreading
jacob bring
irrevocable mistake
intervals sighs
interesting especially
intentionally contrasting
instantaneously replaced
inner struggle
inlaid portfolio
infantry officers
incredible boldness
impressively blocking
imposes duties
imagination giving
imaginary sword
im killed
hundred rubles
huge reticule
hippolyte burst
highest point
high rank
hes joining
heard coming
hastily adjusting
habit employed
guttural rs
grew stronger
gravely conducted
gradually filling
graciously allowing
government clerki
gold setting
goes wrong
generally kept
fruit vases
frequent sound
foot ready
follows therefrom
flushed ate
feet grew
favorite occupation
fat finger
familys behalf
extensive reading
evident pleasure
everincreasing amiability
entirely transformed
enormous success
empty bath
ears intent
eagerly broke
drunken gesture
dropped onto
dreadful dreadful
domestic serfs
dolokhov jumped
doesnt care
divine saviour
dismay detained
dishes wines
different sides
debauchery dissipation
days escorted
crossbeam tugged
cross pomerania
courtierlike quickness
court lackey
corner knitting
conversational machine
continually changing
continual consciousness
constantly succeeded
constant gleam
commonly shown
cold supper
chose turtle
chest crumpling
changed since
chairs scraped
call strategy
cadet corps
burnt pastilles
brothers criticism
broad ribbon
bristly cheek
brilliant light
bourbons fled
bourbon cause
borys godfather
boiled water
behaved better
beginning surely
become vehement
beamed upon
baron funke
ballroom pointing
architect gardener
anyone else
andrews lack
alonefor papa
adored monarch
accustomed rapidity
absolutely necessary
wait pierre
recognize pierre
putting pierre
pierre threw
pierre removed
pierre reaching
pierre paid
pierre meanwhile
pierre hesitated
pierre drank
pierre chimed
glove pierre
approached pierre
worn face
thin face
tearworn face
face assumed
equip boris
called boris
boris transferred
year ago
worse today
trembled slightly
sisters rushed
sending ambassadors
rustling pass
russian church
really truly
quickly finding
princesses apartments
pleased smile
neither honor
movement raised
months ago
moments peace
matter lay
man weary
man recommended
man casting
love liberty
kindhearted man
immediately reflected
immediately noticing
heaven knows
handsome youth
glances fixed
foot guards
finished quickly
finding husbands
expressed forgiveness
english ambassadors
educated abroad
ecstatic smile
eager napoleon
doubt forgotten
dining hall
delightful evening
daughters education
dangerous crossing
closed except
case might
able clearly
prince wondering
dear whats
dear benefactor
little weaknesses
little strength
little petya
little dog
count met
count getting
would meet
would follow
would allow
prank would
still believed
room softly
eyes shone
always opened
always occupied
always accompanied
must warn
must treat
must tie
must seem
must expect
must excuse
must discuss
must conform
looked timidly
great sin
great need
great delight
great deal
great commander
began wiping
began explaining
began counting
wits father
tenth time
spend time
people loved
people compliment
father looks
father expects
countess wept
countess startled
countess pressed
behave like
already gained
thirteen look
rosy natasha
pointed first
natasha raising
legitimate son
illegitimate son
hearers could
first surprised
first appearance
enthusiasm could
could contain
coachman could
blessing first
whole responsibility
whole nation
whole length
whole discussion
whole body
well sit
sing something
serve well
quite mistaken
quite forgetting
natural expression
melancholy expression
last meeting
last decided
formed round
delighted came
dance well
crowding round
way essential
though mankind
scared way
goodnatured way
free hand
without moving
without experiencing
without altering
us talked
thrown away
telling us
suits us
much prettier
much gravity
know andre
hours without
give us
drive away
deprive us
betraying us
austria never
another direction
shoulders turned
servants say
muttered looking
looking angrily
inviting everyone
guests rise
guests returned
bow turned
left petersburg
ill start
ill read
youngest boy
year longer
wanted liberty
tikhon wearing
thank uncle
sweet friendship
shame sir
serious frame
sent instead
seat opposite
rostovs invitation
rostov household
relations choice
proper motion
porch following
paused unexpectedly
name day
mortified voice
mind annette
listened attentively
light enough
life worth
late seized
kuragins set
ironical voice
indeed everybody
important madam
ilya rostov
hussar colonel
helped lad
frenchman moreau
forehead neck
footmen rushed
foolish things
finished speaking
fast asleep
extraordinary memory
expected footsteps
evidently distressed
doubt live
devil take
conversation interested
brilliant position
beautiful bosom
ball dresses
asked answering
ask forgiveness
think properly
selfconfident french
priests rose
lifeless arm
indifference continued
good terms
appropriate moment
verses nicholas
usual familiarity
sitting awkwardly
sacrificed everything
nicholas bolkonski
nataly made
mournful tone
liked sitting
inherit everything
heart repeated
heart needed
exception made
counts services
counts papers
counts niece
cloak waiting
ambush waiting
almost screamed
almost impossible
almost crying
word diplomat
visible behind
truth andrew
sure whether
seemed unable
lady adding
guessed right
full vigor
full swing
full description
feelings toward
disappeared behind
charming defect
charming age
cannot approve
cannot agree
brows smiling
alarmed glance
added winking
weve got
romantic julie
mother smoothed
julie wrote
god support
gallery addressing
bad humor
affair ran
youve done
walking straight
visitor performed
talking merrily
stop short
splendid children
silent approval
side whispered
side spread
ones money
nice figure
loudly remarked
leave mathematics
laughing stooped
kind relation
kind hiding
help england
glass bore
friends trouble
footman thinking
cried vehemently
cried boldly
children born
best plan
became enthusiastic
thoughtful kindly
tea served
secrets indeed
revolution leaving
quivering nose
priest passing
oo oo
mans honor
inspired respect
important order
hell soon
hell return
girls running
finish half
fancy wants
dresses rustling
distinguished air
courage courage
clearly seen
bit kuragin
want anything
unmarried ladies
silly ladies
political difficulties
police tried
pleasant intelligent
napkin passed
lying ready
lost sight
hero less
german tutor
gentlemen around
faith understood
ever reminded
egotists men
concluded drinking
bolkonskis wife
base thing
anything happened
world theres
understanding fixed
twenty minutes
terrified whisper
sovereigns madame
second sheet
sad current
sad circumstances
rising immediately
really tiresome
promise andrusha
princesses spent
politely placed
often wonder
often happens
neither cared
minutes bustle
majestys health
lips waved
lip drawn
lifted higher
letter snatching
letter addressed
ideas tonight
husbands waistcoat
husbands portrait
heavens sake
hall porter
goodness knows
geometry lessons
fifteen times
enchanted circle
creaked slightly
chief topic
chief news
buonaparte remains
almighty lay
wonderful sovereign
tired footmen
thirty rubles
third ecossaise
suvorov moreau
sooner mamma
slender fingers
silently shrugged
receiving anyone
razumovskis ball
proper places
policeman cut
officer entering
mens end
lightly touched
lieutenant berg
interfere making
hid whenever
frowned trying
firm pressure
fingers touch
extraordinary resemblance
die feeling
cruel fate
colonel thumping
certainly throw
band struck
bag hanging
aunt spoke
attract attention
ask hasnt
workbag joined
work nearer
tall stout
tall cap
stupid quick
spot indicated
special sense
sharp tongue
seems funny
seat lowered
save europe
radiantly happy
obtain power
neighbors glasses
mole watched
mine writes
mentioned bonaparte
lise sighed
ladys maid
intimate acquaintance
interrupted saying
holy secrets
hearing footsteps
graceful pose
front entrance
front approach
frank plainness
feather bed
fallen asleep
fact ought
exchanging glances
empress desired
ease instead
country estate
commit murder
buonapartes hatred
bottle wrapped
bit heres
bid goodby
bet tomorrow
antechamber experienced
amusing scene
affected sympathy
weak character
wax taper
unnatural positions
town gossip
tearful grimace
sounds audible
slight rustle
servant bending
rhine wine
respectfully received
reads splendidly
rapidly touching
prepared according
plainly illsuited
paced briskly
obvious impatience
noble soul
mirror examined
lucca laying
lathe working
interests meant
hurrying past
hurried sign
halfway landing
future depends
forever destroyed
easily carried
doll mimi
desperation slammed
darling bory
dared complain
companion realized
catherine leaning
capital joke
awful rite
approaching anger
anecdote ended
afternoon believe
administer unction
abbe morio
pierre
face
princess
boris
smile
man
prince
dear
little
count
would
still
room
eyes
always
must
looked
great
began
time
people
father
even
chapter
like
countess
already
son
natasha
look
first
could
whole
well
something
round
quite
last
expression
come
came
way
though
hand
back
without
us
poor
never
much
know
head
away
another
turned
say
sat
looking
guests
everyone
went
talk
left
ill
fathers
voice
things
take
life
evidently
door
conversation
beautiful
asked
vicomte
took
think
thats
table
smiled
rose
replied
nothing
moment
long
knew
good
go
french
continued
chair
arm
yes
waiting
usual
understand
tone
suddenly
stood
sonya
small
sitting
part
nicholas
new
made
let
heart
get
everything
emperor
counts
almost
words
word
wont
woman
wished
whether
war
visitors
toward
thought
terrible
smiling
service
seemed
see
right
put
lady
holding
hands
glance
girl
gave
full
charming
cant
cannot
behind
andrew
anatole
added
women
tell
sofa
society
ran
mother
least
julie
got
god
general
family
entered
bear
bad
addressing
visitor
turning
talking
study
straight
story
sister
silent
side
short
shes
shall
rooms
remarked
partner
ones
next
moved
moscow
make
leave
laughing
latter
kissed
kind
house
help
held
going
glass
friends
friend
footman
followed
find
figure
dress
done
doctor
cried
children
carriage
best
became
ah
youll
wife
used
understood
try
true
tried
till
thing
state
since
simply
silence
saw
real
ready
political
pleasant
place
person
passed
men
mary
lost
less
large
ladies
kept
hair
group
gone
german
felt
fellow
ever
especially
englishman
either
dying
drawing
daughter
concluded
coat
broke
blushed
big
better
around
anything
angry
younger
written
world
window
whisper
vera
told
today
times
tender
taking
strange
stopped
sons
sometimes
slightly
sisters
sisterinlaws
silver
shinshin
second
seated
sake
sad
russian
run
rich
rested
really
rather
quickly
promise
princesses
pretty
placed
pass
often
noticed
neither
napoleon
movement
morning
moments
minutes
might
madame
low
love
listening
lips
lip
lifted
letter
led
lay
knows
immediately
ideas
husbands
hour
hear
health
handsome
hall
guards
grownup
glancing
glanced
given
geometry
frightened
forgotten
fixed
fine
fear
far
expressed
evening
duty
dinner
daughters
dark
crossing
closed
circle
child
chief
certain
busy
buonaparte
brother
appeared
ambassadors
ago
abroad
able
years
wore
wonderful
wish
wanted
unpleasant
turn
trying
together
tikhon
thoughts
third
therefore
thank
tears
suffering
struck
step
spoke
speaking
speak
sir
silently
significantly
showed
shouted
shook
shaking
set
sent
send
seeing
says
rubles
rostovs
rostov
reproach
repeating
remain
relations
reason
proper
present
possible
porch
policeman
pointing
pleasure
plate
perhaps
paused
passage
particularly
opposite
onto
oh
officer
nonsense
nature
mouth
moreau
monsieur
mind
military
means
managed
mamma
making
madam
lorrain
longer
live
listened
lightly
light
legs
laughter
later
late
lad
jumped
invalid
hurriedly
hundred
hold
hippolyte
hid
helene
heard
hardly
hanging
friendship
frame
forehead
footmen
firmly
firm
fingers
feeling
fate
fast
faces
extraordinary
expected
evident
everybody
end
else
eldest
effect
dull
dropped
drink
drew
dreadful
dolokhov
doctors
dmitri
desire
day
cousin
considered
coming
colonel
clever
cheeks
certainly
ceased
burst
brought
brilliant
boy
bowed
berg
bent
begin
ballroom
ball
attention
asking
ask
arrival
arranged
army
arms
anyone
alone
aidedecamp
adieu
youth
youngest
yesterday
year
writing
worse
whispers
wearing
weakness
watch
wants
walked
waited
voices
vocation
valet
use
unhappy
unexpectedly
uncle
tubs
truly
trembled
thoughtful
theatricals
teeth
tea
tall
taken
tail
tables
sweet
surprise
stupid
stroke
stooping
stir
stern
stairs
speech
sort
sorrow
soon
slowly
sighing
sighed
sigh
show
sharp
shame
severity
settled
served
serious
sense
sending
seized
seen
secrets
seat
scene
save
rustling
rushed
running
rum
revolution
return
resumed
respect
request
reply
remembered
remember
regiment
reflected
reception
raised
quivering
quilt
quietly
question
pushed
produced
priest
precious
power
position
pose
politeness
please
played
peace
pause
passing
pale
others
order
oo
noticing
nose
night
neck
nearer
name
murder
movements
motion
months
mole
mine
mercy
memory
matter
mans
manner
manage
maid
lowering
lit
liberty
lets
leaving
laughed
laugh
kutuzov
kuragins
kuragin
known
knowing
kissing
kindly
judge
joined
invitation
intimate
interrupted
interesting
interest
instead
inspired
indicated
indeed
important
importance
ilya
idea
hussars
hussar
husband
human
household
hope
honor
home
helped
hell
heaven
hatred
hard
happy
handkerchief
half
grown
goodby
glasses
glances
girls
germans
generally
gazing
gazed
funny
front
friendly
frenchman
frank
form
forgiveness
forget
force
footsteps
foot
fool
following
finished
finish
finding
feel
favor
fancy
fact
expedition
expecting
exclaimed
except
escape
enough
english
empress
effort
education
educated
eagerly
eager
duc
dresses
dressed
drawingroom
doubt
distinguished
dish
dining
delightful
declared
death
dangerous
crowded
courage
couples
country
conversations
contrary
condition
company
clearly
clavichord
church
christian
choice
chatter
changed
catiche
case
calm
bottle
bonaparte
bit
bet
beneath
behaved
bed
becoming
attitude
attentively
attack
assuming
asleep
apparently
apartments
anxiety
anteroom
antechamber
answered
answer
annette
animated
amused
amid
air
afraid
affected
youve
wrote
writes
wrapped
worth
worn
working
workbag
work
wondering
wonder
wits
wiping
winking
wines
wine
white
whispering
whispered
whenever
whats
weve
wept
weary
weaknesses
weak
wax
waved
water
watched
wars
warn
want
walking
wait
waistcoat
visible
village
vigor
verses
vehemently
variation
unnatural
unmarried
understanding
unction
unable
twitch
twenty
tutor
tugged
truth
trouble
treat
transferred
town
touching
touched
touch
topic
tonight
tongue
tomorrow
tobacco
tiresome
tired
timidly
tie
thumping
thrown
throw
threw
thirty
thirteen
thinking
thin
theres
theory
terrified
terms
tenth
tenderness
telling
tearworn
tearful
taught
taras
taper
talked
sympathy
sword
swing
swaying
suvorov
surprised
sure
support
supper
suits
success
succeeded
studied
struggle
stronger
strength
stout
stop
stooped
startled
start
spread
spot
splendidly
splendid
spent
spend
spectacles
special
sovereigns
sovereign
sounds
sound
soul
sooner
softly
snatching
smoothed
slight
slender
sleeves
slammed
sit
sing
sin
silly
sign
sight
sides
shrugged
shown
shouting
shoulders
shone
sheet
setting
services
serve
servants
servant
serfs
selfconfident
selfconfidence
seems
seem
screamed
scared
saying
saviour
sacrificed
rustle
rs
rosy
romantic
rite
rising
rise
ribbon
rhine
returned
reticule
rest
responsibility
respectfully
resemblance
replaced
repeated
removed
reminded
remains
relatives
relation
recommended
recognize
receiving
received
reasons
realized
reads
reading
read
reaching
razumovskis
rapidly
rank
rang
raising
radiantly
quickness
quick
putting
pure
prussia
properly
profound
priests
prettily
prettier
pretended
pressure
pressing
pressed
prepared
prank
potemkins
post
positions
portrait
portfolio
porter
politely
police
pointed
point
pleased
play
plan
plainness
plainly
places
petya
petersburg
persons
performed
past
paris
papers
papa
paid
paced
ought
opened
occupied
obvious
obtain
noble
niece
nice
news
neighbors
needed
need
necessary
natural
nation
nataly
napkin
muttered
musicians
moving
mournful
mortified
morio
money
monarch
mistaken
mistake
mirror
mimi
met
merrily
mentioned
mens
melancholy
meeting
meet
meanwhile
meant
matters
mathematics
matchmaking
married
manners
mankind
majestys
machine
lying
lucca
lowered
loved
loudly
looks
lise
liked
lifeless
lieutenant
letting
lessons
length
legitimate
leaning
laying
lathe
landing
ladys
lack
lace
king
kindhearted
killed
joys
joke
jauntily
ironical
inviting
intervals
interfere
interests
interested
intentionally
intelligent
inherit
infantry
indifference
impossible
impatience
illsuited
illegitimate
hurrying
hurried
humor
hours
holy
higher
hiding
hesitated
hes
hero
heres
heavens
hearing
hearers
hasnt
happens
happened
halfway
habit
guessed
grimace
greeting
gravity
gradually
graciously
graceful
government
gossip
goodness
goodnatured
goes
godfather
glove
gleam
giving
give
getting
gesture
gentlemen
gambler
gallery
gained
future
fruit
frowned
free
found
formed
forgetting
forever
forces
foolish
follows
follow
finger
fifteen
fete
feet
feelings
features
feather
favorite
familiarity
fallen
faith
eye
explaining
experiencing
experienced
expects
expect
excuse
excitement
exchanging
exception
examined
europe
estate
essential
equip
entrance
entirely
enthusiastic
enthusiasm
entering
england
ended
enchanted
empty
egotists
ecstatic
ecossaise
easily
ease
ears
duties
drive
drinking
drawn
drank
doll
dog
doesnt
distressed
dissipation
dismay
discussion
discuss
disappeared
direction
diplomat
difficulties
dieu
die
diamonds
devotion
devil
destroyed
desperation
desired
description
deprive
depends
delighted
delight
defect
decided
deal
days
darling
dared
dance
cut
current
crying
cruel
crowding
cross
creaked
court
counting
corner
contrast
contain
consciousness
conform
conducted
conduct
compliment
complain
companion
commit
commander
comedy
coachman
clock
cloak
circumstances
chose
chimed
chest
cheek
character
chanting
changing
chairs
cause
catherine
casting
carried
carpet
cared
cards
capital
cap
called
call
cadet
bustle
burnt
burdened
buonapartes
brows
brothers
briskly
bring
brightness
bow
bourbons
boston
bosom
bory
born
bore
books
bolkonskis
bolkonski
boldness
boldly
body
blocking
blessing
bid
betraying
benefactor
bending
believed
believe
behave
behalf
beginning
become
beauty
beamed
base
baron
band
balance
bag
badly
awkwardly
awful
austria
aunt
audible
attract
ate
assurance
assumed
arrived
architect
approve
approval
appropriate
approaching
approached
approach
appearance
answering
animation
angrily
anglaise
anger
anecdote
andrusha
andre
amusing
amiability
ambush
altering
almighty
allow
alarmed
agree
age
afternoon
affection
affair
administer
adjusting
addressed
adding
act
acquaintances
acquaintance
accustomed
according
accompanied
absurd
abbe
zeres
zen
zat
younglooking
wrongs
write
wringing
wrenched
wrangle
worsted
worry
worldis
wool
womanly
woke
witty
witnessed
witness
wit
wishing
wishes
winning
wing
wineglasses
wills
willingness
wifeperhaps
wifeare
whoever
whim
wheels
wheedled
weyou
werent
wellbuilt
welfare
weight
weigh
weeping
wednesday
wedding
weather
weariness
wearily
wearied
wealthy
wealth
watching
wasting
wasted
wasexpressed
wartime
warrior
wall
walks
waking
wake
waitjust
waist
wager
vy
vouchsafe
volume
vogue
visits
visiting
visit
virtuous
virtuesactivity
villain
views
view
vienna
vicious
vexed
vexation
vell
veiled
varnish
variations
vanished
value
vacated
utters
uttering
uttered
utter
utmost
usurper
using
useful
upset
uplifts
untried
untidy
unsuited
unshaven
unquestionable
unlike
university
united
unintelligible
uniform
ungrateful
ungainly
unflinching
unexpectedness
uneasy
undertook
undertakers
understandtolstoys
underneath
underlip
undergraduate
unconcern
unabashed
tying
twentyfive
twelve
turns
tune
tumbler
tub
trust
troubles
trivialitythese
trifles
triangles
trepidation
trend
treated
treasure
tray
travel
trap
translation
transitions
transient
traitor
train
trace
toyshop
touches
torture
torments
top
token
toes
tiptoe
tips
timestill
tightly
tied
tidy
tickling
thus
thursday
thunder
thumb
thrust
throwing
throne
thrill
threshold
threateningly
threatening
threat
thousands
thirst
thinks
theyve
theyre
theyfriends
themdid
thee
thanked
testify
test
terror
tenderly
tenaciously
temptations
temptation
temples
teased
tease
teacher
tattered
tasted
taste
task
tartar
tapes
talkas
tale
takes
swung
swindle
sweets
sweetly
sweden
swayed
suspected
suspect
surrounded
surprising
suppress
supposing
suppose
superstition
superiority
superintending
sunset
sumptuous
summons
sum
suitor
suit
suggestion
sufficiently
sufficient
suffer
subjects
subject
stumbling
studying
student
stuck
strong
stroking
stroked
strikingly
strictly
stricter
stricken
stretching
stressing
strayed
stranger
stralsund
straits
strains
strain
stones
stocking
stirring
stingy
stinging
stimulating
stevens
sternly
staying
stayed
statues
statesmen
statesman
starting
stars
standing
stamped
stamp
stake
staggered
stabbed
squeaked
spurs
sprung
spring
spoken
spoil
spite
spine
spindle
spilled
spends
spending
spectators
speaker
spare
sources
soups
sorts
sorry
sorrows
sophie
sooonya
song
sonata
sonand
somehow
someday
somebody
solemnity
softness
sobs
sobbing
sob
snoring
smoking
smokers
smell
smashed
smartness
sly
slipped
slip
sleeve
sleepy
sleeping
sleep
sky
skull
skin
skill
size
sixty
sisterinlaw
sinner
singer
sincerity
signify
significance
signed
siege
sickroom
shut
shuffling
shouts
shoulder
shoes
shelf
shawl
sharing
share
shape
shafts
shadow
shade
severe
settle
seriously
separation
separated
sentiments
sentenced
sentence
sensation
senior
selfsatisfied
selfsatisfaction
selfish
selfabnegation
seeming
seek
secure
search
sealing
seal
scrutinizing
screwing
screen
scratch
scraping
scowling
score
schubert
scheme
scarf
scapegraces
scanning
scandal
scamp
savage
saute
satisfy
satisfied
satire
safe
sadness
sadden
sacrament
russia
rush
rurik
rumyantsev
rumored
rule
rudenesses
rows
rousing
roused
rouse
romping
rolling
rohans
roam
rival
risen
rings
rightserve
rights
richesto
reward
reviews
reverence
revelation
retirement
retire
retained
retailing
resuming
restrain
restored
restore
resting
respects
respected
resolute
resignation
reserve
resent
rescue
reproached
reports
replacing
repented
remembrance
remarks
remark
remained
rely
religious
religion
relieve
relief
release
relays
relapsed
rejoinder
rejects
reinforcement
regularity
regret
regime
regicide
regarding
regard
refused
refuse
refreshing
refrained
refrain
reform
reflections
reflection
referring
referred
reference
redness
redeemed
rectify
recruiting
recognized
recognition
reckon
reckless
receives
receive
rebuke
reassure
reasson
reasonable
reaping
readyit
readjusted
readingthe
reached
rays
rate
ranks
random
rallied
rakes
radzivilov
radiated
quitted
questions
query
querulous
quench
quelled
queer
queen
quartette
quality
puzzled
puzzle
purses
purse
purpose
pupils
pulse
pulling
pull
province
providence
proverb
prove
proud
protege
prospect
propos
proportion
property
pronouncing
promises
promised
project
progress
program
profession
procure
problem
privilege
prisoners
prisoner
priceless
preventing
prevent
pretext
pretense
pressand
presently
presented
presence
preparing
prepare
premium
prelude
prejudices
pregnant
pregnancy
precisely
pray
practice
powerless
powerful
powder
povarskaya
possessor
popular
poorer
pooossible
pondered
politics
poetic
pocketbook
plump
plood
pleasures
pleases
playfellow
plants
plans
planning
plainer
plain
plaguestricken
placing
pity
pitiful
pitied
pitch
pipe
pineapples
pinch
pillows
pillow
pigtail
piety
pierrewho
piece
pick
petrushka
petitions
petition
petersburgno
persuaded
perplexity
perplexing
perplexed
permits
permit
permission
permissible
perished
performance
perform
perfection
perceptible
pensively
penny
penetrating
penetrate
pen
peg
peculiarity
pearls
pay
pavement
pausing
pattern
patted
patient
patience
path
paternity
passionately
parting
parted
paragraph
paper
pantry
pane
palm
paler
palace
pair
painful
page
packing
pacing
owner
overthrown
overshoes
overlooked
overhear
outsider
outside
outright
outfit
otherwise
otherwho
othersafter
original
orgo
ordered
orator
oppose
opportunity
opinions
opinion
operation
operate
onlookers
oneexcept
offered
offended
oerpassed
oclock
ochakov
occurrence
occurred
occupying
occasion
obtained
observing
observant
obliges
object
obey
nursery
nurse
nowhere
notices
notice
nothingor
noted
nopromise
none
noise
nod
nobleminded
nighttime
nicknamed
niches
nicelooking
nevertheless
neutrality
neutral
nestlings
neglecting
neffer
needle
neatly
naturally
nations
narrator
naples
nap
named
naivete
mysteries
mustache
music
murderer
move
mourning
moss
mosquitoes
mortemart
morose
moreover
mood
montmorencys
monstrosity
monosyllables
monk
monitress
model
mode
mixing
missing
mischief
mirth
mirrors
minutely
minute
ministers
mingling
minds
millions
milan
midway
midst
middle
metropolitan
message
mess
merveille
merrymaking
merciful
mention
mentally
menservants
menace
members
member
medicine
meat
meaningless
meaning
mean
match
master
masha
martyr
marrying
marry
marriages
marriage
marlborough
marches
march
mapped
mantles
mantle
manifesto
mania
manager
makes
majority
majesty
maintenance
maintain
maids
magnanimity
luminous
loving
lovers
lovely
loud
losing
loses
lose
lorgnette
lolled
locks
living
lives
lively
livelier
lived
littered
literally
listen
lion
lingered
lines
line
limits
likely
lifting
lift
liffs
library
leper
leaves
learning
learned
leaned
leads
leading
lea
laws
lastwhy
lasted
lap
lanterns
languor
land
laid
kutuzovs
knowledge
knives
knees
knee
kitten
kiss
kinswoman
kingdom
kinds
kindness
killing
kill
keys
key
keeps
keeping
keep
justify
justified
justice
judging
judged
joyful
joy
jovial
journey
jottings
join
jealousy
jaffa
jacobin
ivy
itequality
italy
italian
isnt
irritating
irony
invite
invincible
invalidity
introduced
introduce
intriguing
intriguer
intimidated
intimated
interview
interrupt
interjected
intercourse
intentions
intention
intended
intelligence
instrument
inspire
inspecting
inquiry
inquire
inkstand
injustice
injuriesand
inherited
inheritance
inhaling
ingratiating
informed
information
inform
influence
infamies
inexhaustible
indulgent
indicates
indicate
indecorous
indebted
increase
income
inclined
incapable
inattention
inability
impulsiveness
improvement
improperly
imprint
impressed
imposture
impossibility
impoliteness
implore
impetuously
impetuosity
impersonate
impatient
impassioned
immovable
imbecility
imagine
illustrate
illspent
illness
idlers
idiot
icons
icon
hydra
hushed
hurt
hurry
hunt
hundredweight
humorously
humiliation
hugging
hugged
hows
housemaid
households
hostess
host
hospital
horses
horrorstruck
horrid
horrible
hopeless
honoring
homeless
hofskriegswurstschnappsrath
hofskriegswurstraths
hm
history
highly
hide
hidden
helplessness
helping
heloise
heiresses
heels
hearts
heartless
heads
havent
hate
hat
hastens
hastened
haste
harp
harnessed
harness
harms
hardy
happiness
happening
happen
hang
handwith
handing
handed
halfsmile
guiding
guide
guidance
guessing
guess
guardsman
guai
growling
growing
grow
groups
ground
grip
greetings
greeted
greediness
greater
grease
gratitudethis
gratitude
grateful
grasping
grasp
granting
granted
grandfathers
grace
gown
governesses
gospels
goodlooking
gofoot
godson
goal
gloves
glory
glided
glancefriendly
glamour
glad
gives
gist
gesticulating
germany
gently
gentleman
genoa
generous
generals
gay
gathered
gates
gasps
gase
garden
games
gambols
gaining
gain
fussily
fully
fulfillment
fulfill
frown
frontier
frock
fro
frightful
fret
fresh
frequently
freemason
freedom
frederick
france
fourth
fourteen
forwarded
forward
fortyfive
fortunate
fortify
forsake
forms
forks
forgot
forgive
foresaw
foreman
foreigner
forefinger
forebodings
forced
forbid
footing
fools
food
fondness
fond
folly
folds
fold
flowers
flowerpots
flourish
flock
flirtatiousness
flirt
flint
flight
flexibility
flesh
flatters
flattering
flatter
flashed
flag
flabby
fit
firstrate
fireworks
fire
finishing
finds
fetch
festivities
fellows
feels
fearless
fearing
feared
fathom
fatherinlaw
fashionable
fashion
fascination
farther
fan
faltered
fall
faithfully
fair
failed
fail
f
eyeglass
eyebrows
extricated
extremes
expressing
express
exposed
expose
explanations
explanation
explained
explain
expert
expelled
expectations
expectation
expectancy
existence
exiled
exhausted
execution
executed
exciting
excite
excellency
exasperated
examining
exactitude
evolutions
evince
everythingthats
evenings
eternal
est
escaping
err
equipment
equals
equality
equal
epistles
envious
entreaty
entreaties
entreat
enthusiast
entertaining
entertain
enter
ensign
enraptured
enjoyed
enjoy
engaged
energy
endured
endure
employers
emphatically
emphatic
emotion
emitting
embroidering
embraced
embrace
embarrassment
eloquent
elite
elevates
elegant
elders
elbows
elbow
elapsed
eh
egged
efforts
effected
edifying
economized
eccentric
eat
easier
earthly
earth
dwelling
dussek
dulled
duelist
dry
drunk
drowned
dropping
driving
driven
dream
dreaded
drawer
draw
draught
dozing
dozen
downwards
dover
doubts
doubtful
doorways
dogs
disturbed
disturb
distributed
distress
distraction
distracted
distorted
distinguish
distinguee
distinct
distance
dissatisfied
disposal
displeased
display
dispersed
disorder
disinterestedly
dishonor
disfigured
disfavor
discussed
discredited
discharge
discerned
disarmed
disappoint
disadvantages
directions
dipping
diplomatist
dinnertime
dine
diminish
dillydallying
dignity
difficulty
difficult
differences
difference
differed
died
develop
deuce
determined
details
destroying
destroy
dessert
desperate
despair
desisted
desist
desires
deserve
deserting
deride
dere
deprived
departure
departed
denying
demanded
demand
delivered
deigned
degraded
deferential
deference
defend
deed
decorum
declares
declaration
decisions
deciding
deceive
decanter
deathbed
deathand
dearly
dead
deacons
deacon
daylight
daughterinlaw
dashed
darkness
daring
daresay
dancing
dancers
danced
custom
curiosity
cup
cunning
culture
cuffs
crybaby
cry
crush
crossly
crossed
criticize
crisis
create
cream
creaks
crash
covering
covered
cover
cousinhood
courtiers
courteous
course
courier
couple
countryrumors
countenance
counted
coughing
cough
costing
cost
cossack
correct
corpse
coronation
cornet
corners
coquetry
copying
copy
copied
cooks
convulsively
convoy
convinced
conviction
conversing
converse
conveniently
control
continuously
continuing
continue
contention
contented
contempt
contemplated
containing
consult
constitutes
conspired
console
consolation
considers
considering
consideration
consider
conservatory
consequences
conscious
conscientiously
conscience
conquer
connections
connection
connected
congratulate
confusing
confinement
confined
confess
conditions
condescension
condescending
condemn
concealing
conceal
comrades
comply
compliments
complexion
completed
complained
committed
commendation
command
comfort
comes
columns
color
collected
collect
coach
clutch
clung
club
clothing
clothes
cloaks
climb
climate
clearheadedness
clear
clatter
clapped
citizenship
choosing
choose
choicest
childhoodhad
childhood
childbearingshe
chere
cheerful
cheekbones
check
cheat
charmed
characterized
characteristic
channel
change
chances
chance
challenge
chain
ceremony
center
censure
censer
celebrity
ceaselessly
cavalry
causes
caused
caught
carrying
carry
cares
career
captured
capitals
capered
capacity
capable
canvas
candles
canceled
campaigns
camel
calms
calmer
calls
calling
callers
cab
buttons
butler
bustling
bursting
burning
burn
buried
burden
buonapartists
bump
building
brook
broken
broadened
briskness
bringing
brilliancy
brief
bridge
breath
breast
breaking
boys
bows
bounds
bother
bosomwhich
bonapartist
bold
bodice
boats
blush
blunders
blow
blood
bless
blamed
bitterly
biting
birds
beware
betting
bets
betrayal
besides
bend
belongs
belonged
bell
behavior
behaving
begged
beg
bees
bedroom
beaten
beat
bearers
bastard
bark
bar
banged
bane
badlyall
badge
backs
awkwardness
awhile
awe
aware
awaited
avenues
august
audience
attraction
attentive
attentions
attendez
attended
attend
attainment
attacked
attached
astonishment
assured
assure
assist
assiduous
assembled
assault
ashamed
arrive
arranging
arrange
aroused
armpits
arkharovs
aristocracy
arguments
areat
arcola
arch
apraksins
approbation
apprenticeship
appreciation
appreciate
appointment
apply
applause
appear
appeal
apparent
antichristi
antechambers
annoyance
announces
announced
annettehow
angel
andso
ancestor
anarchy
amuses
amiable
america
amble
amazement
although
alluding
allowed
alliances
alliance
alike
alight
algebra
alcohol
alarm
airs
aiming
aim
ague
agreed
agony
agitating
agitated
agility
aghast
aged
afterglow
africa
affectionately
affectionate
affectation
affairs
advise
advantages
adorable
adopted
admitted
admit
admission
admiring
administered
adjutants
adjutant
adjusted
acutely
acts
actresses
active
actions
action
accounts
account
accorded
accord
accomplished
accompany
accident
accept
academy
abstemious
absentmindedness
absentminded
ability
7
4
2
13th
